i'm going to show you two ways of tenderizing
meat this is the meat mallet that is one way
we're going to take a a tough cut of
meat and we're going to tap that meat out
using this breaks down the muscle group the fiber
and that tenderizes the meat normally we're going
to do that with with cuts of meat that we're
going to use for a schnitzel for a scallopini
those type of cuts could be beef pork can also be
chicken this is what we refer to as a mechanical
meat tenderizer also known as a delicator
in the delicator there's some blades
that spin around very very quickly we drop the
meat through the top it comes through these
blades and the blades very very quickly slice
the meat and the meat will then fall under the
bottom of this tenderized so I'm just going to run
through the process of how we put this together
so it breaks apart like this and then guiding arms
attach like so across the top of the
blades there's two guiding arms normally
there's letters on here so you've got
A & B, B & A and those clip together
and then these will then drop
into the delicator itself
there we go, the locking mechanism works with the guard
the actual delicator is designed not to turn
on unless this guard is actually covering all
of the blades so it's safe obviously we never
trust that and we will never turn anything on
or prepare anything, unless it has been unplugged very very important we always have everything
unplugged as we were putting things together or
taking them apart I'm now going to plug this in
so the delicator will start spinning the switch
is underneath there's a dead switch here as we
refer to if that is turned off it will not
turn on at all so there's a switch here
it has to be turned on the light will then
come on and then I can turn the delicator on
so at this point now those blades are
spinning around we'll drop a piece of
meat into here it'll cut through those
blades and tenderize that piece of meat